= TailorUp
https://sheltered-oasis-9070.herokuapp.com/
==Summary
TailorUP, a Ruby on Rails Web Application designed to create an easy mobile
responsive alternative for customers to request a tailor appointment
for fitting, monitor progression of alterations, and receive delivered garments
without having to leave the comforts of their home.

==What is the need?
This application was designed for an actual company located in Wynwood called
Caveat. Caveat's clients are usually busy business owners and entrepreneurs who
don't have time to come to the Wynwood area for a fitting. We've designed the
application to allow the tailor to come to them.

==Technologies we used:

* Ruby on Rails

* Rspec for testing

* HTML, CSS, Javascript for styling

* ActionMailer for a mailing system to the User

* Exporting CSV file for auditing purposes

* PostgreSQL for the database

* Heroku for Deployment


= Interfaces

This application has three interfaces which includes Company, User, and Tailor.

== User
A user would sign in to the User Interface and see a list of availabilities for
a potential fitting. They would be able to pick an availability from
Monday-Saturday 10am-6pm (Shop Hours), create their appointment listing out the
type of garments needing alterations, then watch the status of the alterations.
The User would receive updates via email when the tailor is on
the way to the for fittings, when alteration status are updated, and also once
garments are delivered.

==Tailor
A tailor would sign in to the Tailor Interface and see a list of their
appointments in que as well as the appointments they are currently altering.
This interface would allow the tailor to update the status of alterations
through a click of a button.

==Company
A company would sign in to the Company Interface and see a list of their
tailors and their tailor's appointments. A company would set the tailor's
availability and add newly hired tailors by the click of a button.
The company interface also has the capability to export a CSV file listing every
appointment the company ever had for auditing purposes.
